So we get these wrong error of
also getting the warning that we got no keys for the items and of always loading the first item.
The reason for this is simple,
in the past we added a key property to all the places in our redux store
and now when I loaded the places, I do also have a unique key but I named it ID. The quickest fix probably
is to just rename this to key,
so from ID to key, the alternative would have been to visit all the components where we try to use that
key and rename key to ID,
so this one should be faster. With that if I now reload the whole application
and I try to find my places again,
there they are
and now we really visit the place we click on,
so that's looking much better now.
Now if I delete the place, we get an error though, delete place is not defined and so on
and also we haven't added any logic to delete a place on the server.
We'll take care about this in a second,
for now let's simply also test this on Android, so
let's log in here too
and let's also find the places here,
there they are from the server.
And we can view places, add it on our iPhone, on our Android device.
So that's nice,
now it's time to add a delete place functionality.